Sortodo
===

Contents:
---

- Introduction and Background
- Versions
- User Guide
- Testing
- Related Resources

Introduction and Background
---

Sortodo is a simple to do list web application that is loosely based around the iOS mobile application 'GNEO'.

The general idea of the application is that a user can sign in and create multiple notebooks for different types of tasks (e.g. personal tasks, work tasks). Once a notebook has been created, the user can then create tasks which are sorted on a display page by priority (from 1-4).

My goal in making this app was to expose myself to as much Backbone.JS as possible as I felt it was one of my weaker areas before this project. Ultimately, sortodo gave me exactly the exposure I was looking for in regards to nested collections, models and a huge amount of views all in a single-page app.

Versions
---

v0.1 The first working version of this project was released on the 16th of July, 2015. All the outlined functionality in the introduction was included and working.

At this stage the application is missing a designed log in and sign up interface. Functionally they are working as intended but require CSS design.

User Guide
---

Users can start by signing in and creating an account. From there the app has been designed in a way that should be straightforward for the user.

After logging in to the app, the left-hand side of the page lists all the notebooks that exist for the current user and then once a notebook has been selected, the related tasks are shown in the main page.

There are links in the relevant sections for adding new notebooks and tasks.

To complete a task, select the task from the main view and select the delete task button.

Testing
---

The app was user tested thoroughly in development. Some RSpec tests written for the database handling of the notebook and task retrieval.

Related Resources
---

- [GNEO Official website](http://gneo.co/)
- [Backbone.JS website](http://backbonejs.org/)